and a man of the house of Levi went and
and a man of the house of Levi went and took his wife a daughter of Levi so the
took his wife a daughter of Levi so the
took his wife a daughter of Levi so the woman conceived and bore a son and when
woman conceived and bore a son and when
woman conceived and bore a son and when she saw that he was a beautiful child
she saw that he was a beautiful child
she saw that he was a beautiful child she hid him three months but when she
she hid him three months but when she
she hid him three months but when she could no longer hide him she took an ark
could no longer hide him she took an ark
could no longer hide him she took an ark of bulrushes for him dog did with
of bulrushes for him dog did with
of bulrushes for him dog did with asphalt and pitch for the child in him
asphalt and pitch for the child in him
asphalt and pitch for the child in him and laid it in the reeds by the rivers
and laid it in the reeds by the rivers
and laid it in the reeds by the rivers Bank and his sister stood afar off to
Bank and his sister stood afar off to
Bank and his sister stood afar off to know what would be done to him then the
know what would be done to him then the
know what would be done to him then the daughter of Pharaoh came down to bathe
daughter of Pharaoh came down to bathe
daughter of Pharaoh came down to bathe at the river and her maidens walked
at the river and her maidens walked
at the river and her maidens walked along the river side and when she saw
along the river side and when she saw
along the river side and when she saw the ark among the reeds she sent her
the ark among the reeds she sent her
the ark among the reeds she sent her maid to get it and when she opened it
maid to get it and when she opened it
maid to get it and when she opened it she saw the child and there hold the
she saw the child and there hold the
she saw the child and there hold the baby worked so she had compassion on him
baby worked so she had compassion on him
baby worked so she had compassion on him this is one of the Hebrews children then
this is one of the Hebrews children then
this is one of the Hebrews children then his sister said to Pharaoh's daughter
his sister said to Pharaoh's daughter
his sister said to Pharaoh's daughter should I go and call a nurse for you
should I go and call a nurse for you
should I go and call a nurse for you from the Hebrew women that she may nurse
from the Hebrew women that she may nurse
from the Hebrew women that she may nurse the child for you go
the child for you go
the child for you go so the maiden went and called the
so the maiden went and called the
so the maiden went and called the child's mother and Pharaoh's daughter
child's mother and Pharaoh's daughter
child's mother and Pharaoh's daughter said to her take this child away and
said to her take this child away and
said to her take this child away and nurse him for me and I will give you
nurse him for me and I will give you
nurse him for me and I will give you your wages so the woman took the child
your wages so the woman took the child
your wages so the woman took the child and nursed him and the child grew and
and nursed him and the child grew and
and nursed him and the child grew and she brought him to Pharaoh's daughter
she brought him to Pharaoh's daughter
she brought him to Pharaoh's daughter and he became her son so she called his
and he became her son so she called his
and he became her son so she called his name Moses saying because I drew him out
name Moses saying because I drew him out
name Moses saying because I drew him out of the water
[Music]
[Music] now it came to pass in those days when
now it came to pass in those days when
now it came to pass in those days when Moses was grown that he went out to his
Moses was grown that he went out to his
Moses was grown that he went out to his brethren and looked to bear burdens and
brethren and looked to bear burdens and
brethren and looked to bear burdens and he saw an Egyptian beating a Hebrew one
he saw an Egyptian beating a Hebrew one
he saw an Egyptian beating a Hebrew one of his brethren so he looked this way
of his brethren so he looked this way
of his brethren so he looked this way and that way and when he saw no one he
and that way and when he saw no one he
and that way and when he saw no one he killed the Egyptian and hid him in the
killed the Egyptian and hid him in the
killed the Egyptian and hid him in the sand
and when he went out the second day hold
and when he went out the second day hold two Hebrew men were fighting and he said
two Hebrew men were fighting and he said
two Hebrew men were fighting and he said to the one who did the wrong
to the one who did the wrong
to the one who did the wrong why are you striking your companion who
why are you striking your companion who
why are you striking your companion who made you a prince and a judge over us do
made you a prince and a judge over us do
made you a prince and a judge over us do you intend to kill me as you killed the
you intend to kill me as you killed the
you intend to kill me as you killed the Egyptian so Moses feared and said surely
Egyptian so Moses feared and said surely
Egyptian so Moses feared and said surely this thing is known when Pharaoh heard
this thing is known when Pharaoh heard
this thing is known when Pharaoh heard of this matter he sought to kill Moses
of this matter he sought to kill Moses
of this matter he sought to kill Moses but Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh
but Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh
but Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh and dwelt in the land of Midian and he
and dwelt in the land of Midian and he
and dwelt in the land of Midian and he sat down by a well now the priest of
sat down by a well now the priest of
sat down by a well now the priest of Midian had seven daughters and they came
Midian had seven daughters and they came
Midian had seven daughters and they came and drew water and they filled the
and drew water and they filled the
and drew water and they filled the troughs to water their father's flock
troughs to water their father's flock
troughs to water their father's flock then the Shepherd's came and drove them
then the Shepherd's came and drove them
then the Shepherd's came and drove them away but Moses stood up and helped them
away but Moses stood up and helped them
away but Moses stood up and helped them and watered their flock
when they came to ruin their father he
when they came to ruin their father he said how is it that you have come so
said how is it that you have come so
said how is it that you have come so soon today an Egyptian delivered us from
soon today an Egyptian delivered us from
soon today an Egyptian delivered us from the hand of the Shepherd's and he also
the hand of the Shepherd's and he also
the hand of the Shepherd's and he also drew enough water for us and watered the
drew enough water for us and watered the
drew enough water for us and watered the flock and where is he why is it that you
flock and where is he why is it that you
flock and where is he why is it that you have left the man call him that he made
have left the man call him that he made
have left the man call him that he made bread then Moses was content to live
bread then Moses was content to live
bread then Moses was content to live with a man and he gave sapota his
with a man and he gave sapota his
with a man and he gave sapota his daughter to Moses and she bore him as
daughter to Moses and she bore him as
daughter to Moses and she bore him as Sabbath he called his name
Sabbath he called his name
Sabbath he called his name Gershom for he said I have been a
Gershom for he said I have been a
Gershom for he said I have been a stranger in a foreign land now it
stranger in a foreign land now it
stranger in a foreign land now it happened in the process of time that the
happened in the process of time that the
happened in the process of time that the king of Egypt died then the children of
king of Egypt died then the children of
king of Egypt died then the children of Israel groaned because of the bondage
Israel groaned because of the bondage
Israel groaned because of the bondage and they cried out and their cry came up
and they cried out and their cry came up
and they cried out and their cry came up to God because of the bondage so God
to God because of the bondage so God
to God because of the bondage so God heard their groaning and God remembered
heard their groaning and God remembered
heard their groaning and God remembered his covenant with Abraham with Isaac and
his covenant with Abraham with Isaac and
his covenant with Abraham with Isaac and with Jacob and God looked upon the
with Jacob and God looked upon the
with Jacob and God looked upon the children of Israel and God acknowledged
children of Israel and God acknowledged
children of Israel and God acknowledged them